Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
GIRL'’S VOICE:
Do you know what a Creepypasta is?
Here's the short answer.
It's a scary story
shared on the Internet.
But they're much more than that.
I could tell you why...
but I'd rather show you.
ANNOUNCER: Local and state
police are still investigating
a possible connection
between multiple
disappearances in the
same neighborhood.
beginning last week
with a 14 year old girl
whose name has not yet
been released to the public.
The teenager was revealed
to be the author
of popular online horror stories
known as "“Creepypasta."”
Detectives believe the clue to
her disappearance could be found
in her most recent story. which
apparently remains unfinished.
Her stories disappeared from her
laptop the night
she went missing.
But thousands of
people have already
copied them all over the Web.
GIRL'’S VOICE:
We each have a story within us.
Stories that tell us who we are.
Not all of them
have a happy ending.
Hello?
Anybody here?
Sometimes it's hard to tell
which story is yours.
You may never know...
...until it'’s too late.
We hear them when we're kids.
Stories from our nightmares.
Tales of the Boogeyman.
Emma. what the
hell are you doing?
Wasn'’t me.
Oh. was it your little
fake friend "“Jumby?"”
Shut up.
He's not fake.
You'’re such a baby.
Everyone knows
you'’re making him up.
Besides. we're on
the second floor.
Nobody'’s out there.
You ruined our game!
Nobody is out there.
Go to sleep or
I'll tell. and you
can forget about
your little game
with rocks and dirt.
You know they'’ll send you away
to a mental hospital?
Strap you down
and fry your brain.
He wouldn't let that happen.
He's not real. stupid!
Go to sleep or I'll tell Mom.
You'’re mean.
I can'’t believe I still have to
share a room with you.
Emma? Quit playing.
Emma?
Honest. see I told
you he was real!
Holy crap!
[strange whispering]
Come down. Jumby
wants to meet you.
Get away from him.
We'’re building a house.
You can have your own room!
Come inside. You're not
safe out there.
What are you so afraid of?
He's my friend.
He's not going to do anything!
Emma! Emma! Emma!
Put my sister down!
Emma!
Emma. Emma!
ANNOUNCER:
Police are looking into the disappearance of Emily Hall.
She went missing from her home.
Although half the security
system was not triggered.
Emily was in her second floor
bedroom with her sister Anna.
Anna. still in a state of shock.
keeps muttering the word:
"“Jumby."”
The Boogeyman doesn't
go away when you get older.
he just waits
until the right moment
to come back.
May I have
A glass of water. please?
I'’M THIRSTY!
[gasping]
[coughing and choking]
[distorted voice on television]
The characters in my stories
never know what's
going to happen to them.
but sometimes
they get a glimpse of the truth.
So the FDA allows
one rodent hair
for 100 grams of peanut butter.
Eww! Ohh. that is gross!
Okay. Okay. I got one.
If you go swimming in a lake.
there's a possibility
that you could
inhale an amoeba and it
will literally eat your brain.
True. I watched a
documentary about it.
Boom.
But what is the likelihood?
Big enough not to
go swimming in lakes.
That's why I only
swim in the ocean.
Okay. calm down. West Side.
All right. I got one.
Did you know that raccoons
can fit into a hole
four inches wide?
Go on...
Your rectum can stretch
up to nine inches in diameter.
So theoretically. you could fit
a raccoon in your butt.
Oh .Girl!
Ahh. and here I was. just
using gerbils like a casual.
You guys are disgusting.
All right. just away
from the gross stuff.
Here's one.
You know how sometimes
you think you can see something
out of the corner of your eye
and you look at it
and it's not there.
That's because your vision
is far more acute
in your peripherals than it is
when looking straight on.
So when you see something...
it might actually be there.
And how is that weird?
It's called the
"“Shadow Person"” theory.
I've actually heard of this.
They say that what you're seeing
are interdimensional beings.
Shadow People.
They're stuck in
between two worlds.
just waiting to get in.
Mmm hmm.
So whatever you do. don't
acknowledge their presence.
It could be an
invitation into our world.
Oh. come on!
Better safe than sorry.
That's ridiculous.
We had to have acute vision
in our peripherals.
It's an evolutionary holdover.
Lions were stalking us.
Party pooper.
Yeah.
There's another world
that sometimes brushes
up against ours.
That's where my
stories come from.
That other reality
with a different set of rules.
Fuck off...
[emergency alarm]
C'’mon. dude!
[mobile phone rings]
Come on!
Hello?
Do not scream.
Who is this?
Do... not... scream.
What does that mean?
Do... not... scream!
DO... NOT... SCREAM!
DO! NOT! SCREAM!
Jesus Christ!
[screams in pain]
Oh. God damn!
Fuck. no!
AHH!
[knock at door; phone rings]
Sometimes I don't
know the rules either.
[distorted TV voice]
So I make up my own.
It's more fun that way.
Does this make you happy?
The ones on the other side
don't always
wait for an invitation.
Sometimes they have help.
No!
Get off!
[chants in Latin]
Hello?
[grunts in pain]
[voice becomes distorted]
Does this body
suit you. my love?
Is this what you want?
The others have
been here all along.
This is a good one.
They're probably
watching you right now.
To know The Grey Man
is to never forget him.
Once he enters your mind
he'’s the thought that
plays over and over.
pulling you under to places
so dense and dark that...
...it doesn'’t matter who
you are. who you wanted to be.
and that's how he breaks you.
Memories
of razor blades slashing
[doorbell rings]
Who could that be?
Razors slashing her face --
Huh. No.
[doorbell rings]
Who the hell is there?
Writing.
At least trying to.
[thump from closet]
[smoke alarm beeps]
You're not real.
You'’re not real!
YOU'’RE NOT REAL!
[monster growls]
[screams]
VOICE ON LAPTOP:
It'’s me. Emma.
It happened again.
The Grey Man.
It was dark. and I saw him.
He always comes... at night.
[gagging sounds]
When you read my stories.
they creep inside your mind.
taking over like a virus.
[voice in Spanish on laptop]
Shhh...
[screams]
[snarling]
[screeching]
[monstrous scream]
[dialogue on TV]
I'’m so done with
this shitty assignment.
There's just too much research
to do in just two days.
Jerk. you'’re not
even listening to me.
I'm sorry. babe.
did you say something?
Hmmph.
You know what? Screw this.
I'm getting sleepy.
Let's just meet up tomorrow
before class.
But the movie'’s just getting --
I know. I'm just
really. really. really tired.
And with you here. I wouldn't
be able to resist your sexy ass.
I do have a sexy ass. But you
should probably get some sleep.
I'm going to finish up
a couple of things.
but I'll text you
before I go to bed.
Love you. Babe.
I love you too.
PODCAST:
Eliza Braun ran a B and B during the Great Depression.
She lured in drifters with
cheap rates and hot meals.
then slaughtered
them in a hidden
space behind
the bathroom mirror.
Police discovered
an assortment of jars
containing the eyes
of the victims
preserved in formaldehyde.
She was arrested
and sentenced to death.
During the trial.
she told the crowded
courtroom that
she would come
back through a mirror.
an invocation. and
"“the windows to the soul."”
During the
investigation. a single
record was recovered
from her bedroom.
When they played
the record. the audio
repeated the words
"“Emcro Sha Vem."”
I think it'’s a way of
summoning her spirit.
Emcro Sha Vem...
That was pretty lame.
[gasps]
[distant child'’s voice singing]
[dials phone]
DISPATCHER:
9-1-1. What'’s the nature of your emergency?
I think there's someone
in my house.
Stay calm. Help is on the way.
[screaming]
[scream echoes and fades away]
PODCAST:
Eliza Braun ran a B and B during the Great Depression...
The virus spreads
from one person
to the next.
Before they know it.
everyone is part of the story.
Hello?
It's Angela.
[phone rings]
Hello?
PHONE VOICE: Angela. this is
Mateo's mother.
Hi. Yes. I'm sorry.
I -- No one's here.
I wasn't sure if I should --
Thank you for coming today
to watch Mateo.
I'm sorry I'm not
there to greet you.
but I was in a
rush and I had to leave.
He wasn't feeling too well
when I left him.
Oh. Does he need anything?
No. Just make
sure he stays in bed.
He needs to rest.
Once he's asleep.
it's best to leave
him be for as long as you can.
Oh. yeah. of course.
When he wakes up.
should I make him anything or --
Thank you for taking this
on such short notice.
We really appreciate you.
I have to go.
Okay.
Whoa...
You scared me.
Sorry.
Hi. I'm Angela.
Your mom called me in to watch
you while she was out today.
How you feeling?
She said you
weren't feeling too good.
I'm okay.
Are you sleepy?
I can't sleep.
Why not?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Come here.
You know what?
When I was your age.
I was terrified of the dark.
I couldn't sleep
without a nightlight.
Boop!
It helped keep all
of the monsters away.
And before you know it.
I was fast asleep.
That'’s silly.
Hey. when you
are scared. it works.
And don't make fun of me.
Do you want to watch
something fun on TV?
Okay.
All right.
Let'’s see...
There it is.
Here you go. You decide.
Do you want a snack?
Okay.
[TV ads playing]
What does your mom
usually make you?
NEWS ANCHOR: Parties are still
looking for Jamie Lee.
last seen in the Ditmas Park
area last Tuesday night.
She was walking
dogs for residents
in a quiet neighborhood...
...when she went missing along
with the animals in her care...
You'’e kidding me...
...anyone with
information on Jamie'’s...
...whereabouts to call
their local precinct --
I want to go to bed.
What?
Are you sure?
Okay. then.
Let's get you upstairs.
Where's your dog?
What dog?
You want to do a monster check?
Nothing here.
Nothing in there.
No!
What's going on
with your closet?
Nothing.
Don't touch that!
Is that for... monsters?
It's for El Cuco.
To keep him out.
El Cuco?
He's always hungry.
I have to feed him.
My mom's afraid of him. too.
And I want her to come home.
Hey...
It'’s okay.
Your mom seems like
a very strong woman.
I think she's okay.
But you are very brave
for thinking of her.
Does she know how brave you are?
Defending her against El Coco?
El Cuco!
El Cuco. I mean El Cuco!
Remember what I told you
about being afraid of the dark?
You still got that
nightlight. right?
Well... El Cuco can't get you
if you flash that light on him.
Okay?
Now it'’s time to get to bed.
I'm sorry.
For what?
[doorbell rings]
That'’s probably your mom.
Could you lay back down?
I told her I'd have you asleep
by the time she got back.
Please?
No. don't go downstairs!
He'’ll eat you.
Nothing's going to eat me.
It's fine.
Now. please lay back down.
Please?
Hey --
He'’s here!
Mateo!
Mateo?
Mateo...
[muffled screaming]
Dont!
Shit!
Mateo!
Come out here!
What are you doing?
Come back out here!
[monster growls]
[scream]
[ring tone]
[telephone ringing]
This is my last
story of the night.
But I'm still working
on the ending.
I think I have it figured out.
Marco?
She told me everything.
What? Who'’s she?
"“Who'’s she?"”
You know who she is.
How long?
How long did you think
you could keep playing me. man?
We were going to
tell you together.
You were going to
tell me together.
You and my girl.
You all were going to tell me
you were pregnant with my...
I'’m sorry.
Did you --
She's gone.
She'’s gone. man.
The baby --
I loved you. You were my guy...
You knew what I
wanted to do with her
and you were going to be
the godfather of my child!
Stand the fuck up
when I'm talking to you!
I'm just -- just --
Just what?
Hey. hey. hey --
What?
Get your fucking hands down!
Okay. okay! Just --
Just wait...
Just wait. huh?
It'’ll be all right...
just wait --
Now it's time to
share it with the world.
Help me...
Help me. please...
Sorry. Marco.
Please!
They can'’t hear you.
They'’re not real...
Help me...
...and neither are you.
Where do you think you'’re going?
This is your home now!
Help me...
What kind of
storyteller would I be
if I let my characters
get away with murder?
You'’re story'’s
finished now. Marco.
How do you like the ending?
I had a little help.
[childlike laughter]
My next story...
Will be about you.
How do you think it will end?